docs(wrangler): mention temporary deploy flag (#67)
cloudflare/skills: skills/wrangler/SKILL.md

wrangler deploy --minify
```

> If you need to deploy, but wrangler is not signed in or the `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` environment variable is not present, run `wrangler deploy --temporary`. The Cloudflare API will provision a temporary account and return a claim URL. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you need to deploy a new, public Worker, but wrangler is not signed in or the `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` environment variable is not present, run `wrangler deploy --temporary`. The Cloudflare API will provision a temporary account and return a claim URL. 
```

> For unauthenticated preview deploys, run `wrangler deploy --temporary` when a non-interactive environment lacks `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`; Wrangler provisions temporary credentials and prints a claim URL. Use normal authentication for owned or production deployments.

Author: i still need to work through language

> For unauthenticated preview deploys, run `wrangler deploy --temporary` when a non-interactive environment lacks `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`; Wrangler provisions temporary credentials and prints a claim URL. Use normal authentication for owned or production deployments.

Author: ```suggestion
If you need to deploy, but wrangler is not signed in or the `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` environment variable is not present, run `wrangler deploy --temporary`. The Cloudflare API will provision a temporary account and return a claim URL. 
```
